Web takes optional tokenSwapURL and tokenRefreshURL for Authorization Code (without PKCE) and token swap (#121)
brim-borium/spotify_sdk: README.md

Have a look [in the example](example/lib/main.dart) for detailed insights on how you can use this package.

### Token Swap

You can optionally specify "token swap" URLs to manage tokens with a backend service that protects your OAuth client secret. For more information refer to the [Spotify Token Swap and Refresh Guide](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/ios/guides/token-swap-and-refresh/)

```dart
SpotifySdkPlugin.tokenSwapURL = 'https://example.com/api/spotify/token';
SpotifySdkPlugin.tokenRefreshURL = 'https://example.com/api/spotify/refresh';
````

On web, this package will perform an Authorization Code (without PKCE) flow, then exchange the code and refresh the token with a backend service you run at the URLs provided.

> 
> While the iOS SDK also supports the "token swap", this package does not yet configure the iOS SDK correctly.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Token Swap is for now "web only". While the iOS SDK also supports the "token swap", this flow is not yet supported.

```
